# LICENSE AGREEMENT

This is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or an entity) and
ExoAnalytics Inc. ("ExoAnalytics"). By installing the enclosed software, you
are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you do not agree
to the terms of this Agreement, promptly return the software and the 
accompanying items (including written materials and binders or other 
containers) to the place you obtained them for a full refund within 30 days 
of your purchase. If you need to return the software, you must prepay 
shipping and either insure the package or assume all risk of loss or damage
in transit.

## EXOANALYTICS LICENSE

**1. GRANT OF LICENSE TO USE.** The ExoAnalytics product that accompanies 
this license is referred to herein as "SOFTWARE." ExoAnalytics Inc. 
("ExoAnalytics") grants to you as an individual, a personal, non-exclusive
license to make and use the SOFTWARE for the sole purpose of designing, 
developing, and testing your software product(s). ExoAnalytics grants to you
the limited right to use only one copy of the SOFTWARE on a single computer 
in the manner set forth in this agreement. If you are an entity, ExoAnalytics
grants you the right to designate one individual within your organization to
have the right to use the SOFTWARE in the manner provided above. If you have
obtained a group license, the SOFTWARE may be used on more than one computer 
by the number of developers associated with the license: 3 for a “Team
License” and 8 for a “Department License.” If you have obtained a Site
License, the SOFTWARE may be used by an unlimited number of developers on any
number of computers in up to two physical buildings at the licensees 
premises. ExoAnalytics reserves all rights not expressly granted.

The license rights granted under this Agreement do not apply to development
or distribution of: (1) software development products or toolkits of any 
kind, including but not limited to any class libraries, components, 
controls, XML web services, beans, compilers, plug-ins, adapters, DLLs, APIs
or SDKs destined to be used by software developers other than licensed; and
(2) software to be licensed or distributed under an open source model, 
including, without limitation, models similar to GNU's General Public License
(GPL), Lesser GPL, the Artistic License (e.g., PERL), the Mozilla Public 
License, the Netscape Public License, the Sun Community or Industry Source 
License or the Apache Software license.

**1a. BETA VERSIONS.** If SOFTWARE is licensed as a beta version, the 
following also applies. This SOFTWARE is pre-release software and is provided
on an "as is", unsupported basis. ExoAnalytics shall have no obligation to
correct errors or deliver updates to the SOFTWARE. This Agreement does not
entitle you to any maintenance or other services or any updates or new
versions of the SOFTWARE or entitle you to receive the final, generally
available version of such SOFTWARE should such version be made available by
ExoAnalytics.  Any applications you produce using the SOFTWARE may only be
used for testing and evaluation purposes and may not be redistributed.

**1b. EVALUATION VERSIONS.** If the SOFTWARE is licensed as an evaluation
version, the following also applies. The license is valid for sixty (60) days
after acceptance of the agreement. Any applications you produce using the
SOFTWARE may only be used for testing and evaluation purposes and may not be
redistributed.

**1c. ACADEMIC LICENSES.** If the SOFTWARE is licensed as an Academic 
License, the following also applies. The SOFTWARE may be used for 
non-commercial, educational purposes only, including conducting academic
research or providing educational services.

**1d. STUDENT LICENSES.** If the SOFTWARE is licensed as a Student License,
the following also applies. The SOFTWARE may be used for personal use only.

**2. COPYRIGHT.** The SOFTWARE is owned by ExoAnalytics or its suppliers and
is protected by United States and Canadian copyright laws and international
treaty provisions. Therefore, you must treat the SOFTWARE like any other
copyrighted material (e.g., a book or musical recording). You may not use or
copy the SOFTWARE or any accompanying written materials for any purposes
other than what is described in this Agreement.

**3. OTHER RESTRICTIONS.** You may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE, but you
may transfer the SOFTWARE and accompanying written materials on a permanent
basis, provided you retain no copies and the recipient agrees to the terms of
this Agreement. You may not reverse-engineer, decompile, or disassemble the
SOFTWARE except to the extent such foregoing restriction is expressly
prohibited by applicable law.

**4. OWNERSHIP OF SOFTWARE.** You own the magnetic or other physical media on
which the SOFTWARE is recorded. However, ExoAnalytics retain title and
ownership of the SOFTWARE recorded on the original disk and all subsequent
copies of the SOFTWARE, regardless of the form or media in or on which the
original and other copies exist. The SOFTWARE is licensed, not sold.

**5. SAMPLE CODE.** The location of Sample Code is specifically identified in
the README.TXT text file on the Setup disk. In addition to the rights granted
in section 1, ExoAnalytics grants you the right to use and modify the source
code version of the included Sample Code for the sole purpose of designing,
developing, and testing your software products, and to reproduce the sample
code, along with any modifications thereof, only in object-code form,
provided that you comply with Section 7.

**6. REDISTRIBUTABLE CODE.** In addition to the rights granted in Section 1,
ExoAnalytics grants you additional rights to the SOFTWARE designated as 
"Redistributable Code". The Redistributable Code files, if any, and the
rights associated with each of them, subject to Section 7, are identified in
the README.TXT text file in the installation directory of this product.

**7. DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS.** You are authorized to redistribute the
Sample Code and/or Redistributable Code, (collectively "REDISTRIBUTABLE
COMPONENTS") as described in Sections 5 and 6 above, only if you (a)
distribute them in conjunction with and as part of your software product
that adds primary and significant functionality to the REDISTRIBUTABLE
COMPONENTS ; (b) do not permit further redistribution of the REDISTRIBUTABLE
COMPONENTS by your end-user customers ; (c) do not use ExoAnalytics’s name,
logo, or trademarks to market your software application product ; (d)
include a valid copyright notice on your software product ; (e) include
ExoAnalytics’s copyright notice near every occurrence of your own copyright
notice on the product ; and (f) agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and
defend ExoAnalytics from and against any claims or lawsuits, including
attorney’s fees, that arise or result from the use or distribution of your
software product. ExoAnalytics reserves all rights not expressly granted.
The license in this section to distribute REDISTRIBUTABLE COMPONENTS is
royalty-free, provided that you do not make any modifications to any of the
REDISTRIBUTABLE COMPONENTS. Contact ExoAnalytics for the applicable
royalties due and other licensing terms for all other uses and/or
distribution of the REDISTRIBUTABLE COMPONENTS.

**8. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.** You agree that neither you nor your customers
intend to or will, directly or indirectly, export or transmit (a) the
SOFTWARE or related documentation and technical data or (b) your software
products as described in Section 7 of this Agreement (or any part thereof),
or any process or service that is the direct product of the SOFTWARE to any
country to which such export or transmission is restricted by any applicable
U.S. regulation or statute, without the prior written consent, if required,
of the Bureau of Export Administration of the U.S. Department of Commerce, or
such other governmental entity as may have jurisdiction over such export or 
transmission.

**9. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.** Any business and technical information that
ExoAnalytics designates as confidential or proprietary, any reports provided
by you to ExoAnalytics and all information regarding the SOFTWARE including,
but not limited to, the content of the SOFTWARE and the results of your
evaluation of the SOFTWARE constitute confidential information of
ExoAnalytics ("CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION"). ExoAnalytics, at its sole
discretion, may disclose such CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. However, you may not
disclose to any third party any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, including, without
limitation, the results of your evaluation of the SOFTWARE, without the
prior written consent of ExoAnalytics. Furthermore, you agree to limit
access to CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION to your authorized employees that have
executed appropriate confidentiality agreements with you that protect the
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION consistent with the requirements of this Agreement.
The restriction regarding disclosure of CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION does not
extend to any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION that you can establish: (a) is now or
hereafter becomes generally available to the public other than as a result
of your breach of this Agreement, (b) is disclosed or made available to you
by a third party without restriction and without any breach of
confidentiality obligation, (c) was independently developed by you without
access to or use of the CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, or (d) is approved for
disclosure by ExoAnalytics in writing.

**9a. RIGHTS TO IDEAS AND MATERIALS PROVIDED TO EXOANALYTICS.** You grant
ExoAnalytics and necessary sub-licensees permission to use and a grant of a
worldwide, non-terminable, royalty-free, full assignable and transferable
right and license in perpetuity to use materials you provide to ExoAnalytics
(including feedback and suggestions) or submit to ExoAnalytics or any other
party for review by the general public or any public or private community
(collectively "Submissions") for all purposes of ExoAnalytics, including,
without limitation, the license rights to: copy, distribute, transmit,
publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat
your Submission; to use the ideas, concepts, methods, designs, code you have
submitted for evaluation and testing and for use, deployment, sub-licensing
or other exploitation, and/or integration into an ExoAnalytics product or
service for evaluation, testing, use, deployment, sub-licensing and other
exploitation; to publish your name in connection with your Submission; and
the right to sublicense all such rights.

**10. LIMITED WARRANTY.** THE SOFTWARE AND ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS
(INCLUDING INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE) ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". 

NO WARRANTIES. EXOANALYTICS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY FOR THE
SOFTWARE. THE SOFTWARE AND ANY RELATED DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS"
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE
SOFTWARE REMAINS WITH YOU. NEITHER EXOANALYTICS NOR ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS BEEN
INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE SHALL BE
LIABLE UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS LOSSES,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF GOODWILL) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY
TO USE THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY OTHER CLAIM BY ANY PARTY EVEN IF EXOANALYTICS HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD
EXOANALYTICS HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST ANY CLAIMS, DAMAGES, OR LOSS YOU OR
EXOANALYTICS MAY SUFFER RESULTING FROM ANY CLAIMS BY END USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE OR OF ANY WORK OR OF ANY APPLICATION CONTAINING THE SOFTWARE OR ANY
WORK, FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS)
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY OTHER CLAIM
BY ANY PARTY EVEN IF EXOANALYTICS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or 
limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above
limitation may not apply to you.

**CUSTOMER REMEDIES.** ExoAnalytics’s entire liability and your exclusive
remedy shall not exceed the price paid for the SOFTWARE.

**HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.** ExoAnalytics advises that the SOFTWARE is not fault
 tolerant and not designed or intended for use in hazardous environments or
 mission critical applications requiring fail safe performance, including
 without limitation, in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft
 navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, weapons systems,
 full life support machines, hazardous materials storage and transportation
 systems, waste treatment applications or any other application in which the
 failure of the SOFTWARE could lead directly to death, personal injury, or
 severe physical or property damage or exposure to material financial loss
 ("High Risk Activities"). ExoAnalytics expressly disclaims any express or
 implied warranty of fitness for High Risk Activities. You agree that use of
 the SOFTWARE in High Risk Activities is at your own risk, that you have been
 advised to obtain suitable insurance against risk, and to retain a
 consultant or consultants skilled in developing applications using the
 SOFTWARE and in testing any such applications before use. You hereby
 indemnify and hold ExoAnalytics harmless from liability for such use and the
 results of use.

**11. SOURCE CODE LICENSE.** If the SOFTWARE is licensed with source code,
the following also applies:

**11a. RESPONSIBLE MANAGER.** You shall designate a management-level employee
(the "Responsible Manager") who shall have responsibility for preserving the
security of the Source Code at all times. The Responsible Manager shall
maintain a record of all persons who have access to the Source Code, shall
investigate all unauthorized attempts to gain access to the Source Code and
shall promptly notify ExoAnalytics of any loss, theft, or unauthorized use or
disclosure of the Source Code.

**11b. NON-DISCLOSURE OF SOURCE CODE.** You acknowledge that the Source Code
constitutes a valuable asset of ExoAnalytics and therefore agree that only
the following persons shall have access to the Source Code and the source
code derivative works: those persons: (i) who have a need for such access to
accomplish the purposes of the distribution rights and license grants
specified in Section 1 above; and (ii) with whom you have a legally
enforceable obligation that precludes disclosure of third-party proprietary
information and is otherwise sufficient to enable you to comply with all the
provisions of this Agreement. You shall not grant any other individual or
entity access to the Source Code.

**11c. ACCESS.** No person who is authorized under the terms of section 11b
shall have access to the Source Code unless and until: (i) they have been
apprised of and acknowledges the confidential and proprietary nature of the
Source Code; (ii) have been trained with respect to the procedures designed
to preserve its confidentiality; (iii) and is subject to a binding and
enforceable obligation neither to use such Source Code (other than for
purposes expressly permitted by this Agreement) nor to disclose such Source
Code to any person or entity other than a person similarly authorized to
access the Source Code.

**11d. DISTRIBUTION OF DERIVATIVE WORKS.** You are granted the right to
distribute Derivative Works based on the Source Code in compiled form only,
provided you comply with sections 7 and 11e, and all other applicable terms
of this agreement. This agreement specifically prohibits the distribution of
the Source Code or any of its derivative works in source code form.

**11e. PROTECTION AGAINST UNAUTHORIZED USE.** ExoAnalytics prevents
unauthorized use of SOFTWARE by employing obfuscation and encrypted serial
numbers that enable the use of the SOFTWARE. If you create and distribute
Derivative Works based on the Source Code, you must use a scheme or method at
least as effective to prevent unauthorized use of the SOFTWARE or Derivative
Works. 

**12. GENERAL.** This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and of Canada applicable
thereto. You consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of
Ontario as the exclusive jurisdiction for determination of all disputes and
claims arising between the parties to this Agreement.  If any provision of
this Agreement is found to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that
provision shall be severed from this Agreement and shall not affect the
validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions. 